All Pro Vacuums, this is Tanya. Hey, Tanya. Um, I'm
having a problem with my vacuum cleaner. Uh, it just
stopped working on me, and I don't know why it
stopped working. Uh, it's, it's not old or anything like-
Did you check underneath to see if anything is blocking
it? Uh, well, yeah, of course, I did. It was...
That was one of the first things that I did.
Um, this... Okay. All right. This is what happened. This
morning, I started vacuuming my son's room, and it's a
pretty good-sized room. It's about a twelve by twelve. And
it was working, it was working just fine. And then
I moved into the living room, which is even a
larger room. How about the belt? And when- Did you
check to see if it was broken? No. It wasn't
the belt. I checked that too. I'm trying to t-
I'm trying to explain that what I was doing... Let
me just... Okay, hold on. I'm trying to explain to
you what happened when the vacuum broke, what I was
doing. When I was vacuuming the living room, I started
noticing that it wasn't picking up stuff so good. So
I turned it off, and I got down and started
looking at it. And the carpet was kinda high, but,
you know, nothing was clogged underneath. And also, I did
look at the belt, and it seemed okay. Did the
vacuum cleaner work when you first started using it today?
Yes. That I, I just said that. Um, I, you
know, I remember I told you that it, it start...
I started off vacuuming my son's room, and it worked
just fine. And, uh, you know, when I was vacuuming
the living room, that's when it stopped working. Have you
ever checked the bag? They get full, and you have
to replace them. Um, huh.
Uh, you know what? Uh, gosh, let me... Okay, let
me, let me check the bag. Uh, that might be
it. Uh, hold on for just a moment. I'm, I'm
still gonna be on the phone, right? Okay.
Let's see here.
All right. Okay, it's completely full. I, I
can't believe my, my girlfriend didn't change the bag. Well,
it sounds like that fixed your problem. Yeah. Uh,
yeah. Thank you. Okay, no problem.